Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement the logging component and leave before we implement it.
Let's talk about how we will handle it.
First of all, the logging component will be a page.
So we will carry the HDMI Leviev.
We will carry that page like this to create this page.
We will call authentication service methods and we will assign these service methods with HTML form
data.
So we describe the logging service methods.
In one of the previous lessons in this lesson, we will use that method and we will assign it to the
logging component in our login page.
We will also use a user icon that comes from font.
Awesome.
So we will see the usage of font.
Also, like you see, it will be so similar to the register page.
So to implement it we will benefit from the register page also.
OK, now we can implement it.
First of all, on the login page, we need a user object that will be used on the login form.
Then we need an error message to display the errors that come from the login and point on server connection.
And we need a font awesome icon for the user icon.
We have described these three things on the register page before so we can directly copy and paste them
from that.
Then constructive and engy on inmates also will be the same with the register page, because we will
use authentication service as dependency injection and we need our alter after successful login on the
end on init method, we will check the session user.
If there is an available session user, we will take direct to the profile page so we can copy and paste
them also from the register page.
Now we can create our login method.
In this method.
We will call the authentication service login method and we will handle response.
We will send the user object as a perimeter.
Of course, first of all, we will describe the user object we are looking for.
We will handle it on the HDMI part.
Then we will subscribe to the login function, because the login function is an observable item, if
the login operation is completed successfully, we will get a response as data.
If the mission is successfully completed, we can redirected to the profile page.
Then I will implement the end of the block.
If there is an error, we should set the error message.
We can set it like username or password is incorrect.
To debunk it, we can also write the error on the console.
OK, that's all about Logan component controller implementation.
Now they can implement HDMI content off the login page, on the login page.
We will create a forum to get username and password from the input and we will submit this form with
the login method.
Actually, it will be similar to the registered page also.
So we can copy and paste it from the register page, then we can edit the content that will make our
job easy.
After copying the contents here, our submit function will be looking on this page and we don't need
the full name input field and the login page.
We only need username and password.
Our submit button name will be signed in on the login page and we will use the Subba linked to redirect
to the registration page.
We can change the text of the link as Crede and Nieve account.
OK, now we can check the login page on the browser.
When we take it, we have some missing style functions, other than that, it looks good.
We should also copy the protesters style functions for the login page here.
We can use these glasses in two ways.
First one is we can duplicate it on the register that satisfied or we can describe these style functions
in the global style fight in ANGULAR.
If they describe style functions on the ties that satisfied we can reach down from all components.
But the host or content style function is only related to the component.
If we describe them in the global style fight, it doesn't work.
OK, now let's check the result from the Brosset.
It looks nice.
We can test it with the user that we created on the registered test, if the logging operation is successfully
completed, the profile page will be displayed as a result.
OK.
Everything looks perfect, that's all.
Thank you.